OBSDOCS-1286 Release notes for COO 0.3.2 (#81008)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/cluster_observability_operator/cluster-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

These release notes track the development of the {coo-full} in {product-title}.

> [id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-0-3-2"]

Reviewer: Doc Guidelines: [You must add the _{context} variable to the end of each anchor ID in module files](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-in-module-files)
```suggestion
[id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-0-3-2_{context}"]
```

== {coo-full} 0.3.2
The following advisory is available for {coo-full} 0.3.2:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHEA-2024:137109[RHEA-2024:137109 {coo-full} 0.3.2]

> [id="cluster-observability-operator-0-3-2-bug-fixes"]

Reviewer: Doc Guidelines: [You must add the _{context} variable to the end of each anchor ID in module files](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-in-module-files)
```suggestion
[id="cluster-observability-operator-0-3-2-bug-fixes_{context}"]
```

> === Bug fixes

Reviewer 2: We also shipped a feature, that we failed to link in the errata:

```suggestion
=== Features

* Add support for tolerations and nodeselector for Monitoringstack components

=== Bug fixes
```

> * Previously, the logging UIPlugin was not in the available state and the logging pod was not created, when installed on a specific version of {product-title}.

Reviewer: The UI in the bug shows capital A. Maybe put it that way here?
```suggestion
* Previously, the logging UIPlugin was not in the `Available` state and the logging pod was not created, when installed on a specific version of {product-title}.
```

These release notes track the development of the {coo-full} in {product-title}.

[id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-0-3-2_{context}"]
== {coo-full} 0.3.2

The following advisory is available for {coo-full} 0.3.2:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHEA-2024:5985[RHEA-2024:5985 {coo-full} 0.3.2]

[id="cluster-observability-operator-0-3-2-new-features-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

> * With this release, the {coo-full} adds support for tolerations and node selector for `MonitoringStack` components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this release, you can now use taints and tolerations and node selectors with `MonitoringStack` components.
```
